wonderful wonderful no 8 aren't they
wonderfully embarrassing this
spectacle that they put on Friday
night of the cop the multi polino
multi poli deluxe about Rocio Carrasco
to expose look at you how in the thing
as if we didn't know like this the
collaborators are defending or not
defending Rocio Carrasco out of interest
in continuing to work in the
television factory that you tell me what a surprise doesn't
a polygraph have to come to me to
tell me there wasn't something being
totally honest and thinking okay you
know that I'm not a professional in
the matter nor do I have a [ __ ] clue what I
think about the polygraph is that it
is obviously not a 100%
irrefutable tool okay if we didn't pay no no
if it were totally functional and they did
n't make mistakes today that it was one hundred
percent reliable that wouldn't have judged nor
were there trials or [ __ ] no what there would be would
be the machine no in the whole
police station every time they report
someone they plug in the polygraph and
[ __ ] off conchita doesn't come and  it
condemns you no but I do believe that something
when a person's environment is
detected not like the heart rate or the
sweat glands I don't
know but there is something in fact I
was reading and yes there are certain
reactions in the body they can't be
avoided but it's not irrefutable
obviously it's not irrefutable there is a
margin of error there are people who
can evade insurance but what I find
funny is that telecinco the
polygraph is worth it or not it depends on what
suits them no then now we are going to
comment on the shameful spectacle very
funny look there are people who are
asking for it to be closed save me I
find this type of spectacle very funny
because taking a lame person and I
pee my pants I mean you spend Mexico
even longer not sucking up
to the company they are sucking up to
the TV factory swimming in the
current they want nobody
to be working more days not so
that you can give yourself more minutes of TV not to
go around kissing up doing everything they
ask you or selling out to any
colleague looking terrible and now the
company takes over  the program itself and it
sells you out and makes you look ridiculous
publicly Miguel Free people have
supported Rocío Carrasco so they can go to
work more days at Sálvame current yes
true not only do they make you look
ridiculous on television but
the program itself also uses the trending
topic to make fun of you on
social networks it is wonderful this is the
clear example that you should never
sell your honesty your principle not to be
a guy with two balls no and always say
what you think to be a
transparent guy no because in the end if you are
a sellout they will end up selling you out
too but anyway now we will talk about the
cop from last night because of course me being
a poor ignorant or I have certain doubts
about some things without any intention of truth
without any intention of offending anyone
Valeri no intention of putting anyone in any
trouble I wanted to ask
Telecinco about this polygraph 2011 of
Antonio Davis in this polygraph so many
years David they ask him several questions that
I have written down here because obviously I
can't broadcast the entire program here
there are things that have driven me
crazy no  So from here I
ask you, I
ask Telecinco for some clarification
regarding this because I would not like to
be suspicious and think that they are
deceiving the audience, that they are
making fun of them, manipulating them and
making them believe it,
I want them to believe at any moment
according to their convenience. With this,
I am totally confused
Telecinco because in this polygraph in
2011, not only did you ask this question,
which I think is the most important one,
but there are also other questions
like this that we see on screen and there is
the impossible life for Rocío Carrasco
when you were married, just as
Rocío Jurado insinuated on an
Argentine television program and she also says
no and also tells him that she was telling the
truth. In this polygraph, it also comes out
that Rocío Jurado had
claimed to be calm before her
death because her grandchildren were in the
care of Antonio de Ávila. You
ask him, Antonia Vice, was she seeking fame or
money on purpose by maintaining a
relationship with Rocío Carrasco? He answers
no and tells him that he was telling the truth. You
ask him  Antonio David does it
seem to him that Rocío Carrasco began her
relationship with Fidel when they were still
married. He says that if you tell him
that it's true that he has written down all the
questions, but I'm not going to repeat them
all because I don't want to be redundant,
but you can't say that this was because you
wanted to suck Antonio David's balls at that
time, because in fact there
are questions that don't benefit Antonio,
like asking him about the money that he
supposedly took from a fine or something like that
a long time ago, and
that's where you really make him look bad. Antonio David,
then I don't understand why I have to
take this polygraph or the
documentary seriously. I don't
understand, there will be people, there will be people who
can say, wow, but the thing is that this
polygraph examiner is another one,
the machine has been improved for a long time and surely
now it has another answer, not because it was
a decade ago, but to my
surprise, my head is exploding. I need
clarification. Please save me, clarify
this for me. This polygraph belongs to Conchita and it's
barely a few months old. You were unfaithful
to Rocío.  carrasco with a life of her own
while she was pregnant no true it
's true that rocio jurado called you on
several occasions and told you come see
your children if you're really interested in
prolonging the conflict with your ex to
continue billing the
media no true it's true that they have
squandered the approximately two million
euros that she has earned on television no
true that I have to believe half I
really know I'm confused I need
help I don't understand does
this mean that you are manipulating
the audience in the debates that you do
about the docudrama does this mean
that la mani pulite when you are
doing the polygraphs please I don't
understand it needs clarification I'm a
very innocent boy last night I saw the program I
was commenting on it on twitter so I
'm going to explode in a little bit more
here in this video for that I have my
channel I was watching it late because I
was finishing recording the video that I
made about miguel free people and if you haven't
seen it I recommend that you
watch it a real gem and well I have to
say that belén ro was on her
line in her  line of not letting
anyone speak what a person and how unpleasant
this woman seems to me as a collaborator it is
very uncomfortable to watch she does not let
anyone speak, I mean during the entire
program she was talking and arguing
with all the collaborators because she
wants absolutely all the
collaborators to have their opinion whatever
comes out of her [ __ ] she was literally talking
above everything when it was each one's turn to give
their opinion she would answer a
question for everyone and for each one she
had a little bit of truth my
head was going to swim there was not a minute or
two minutes in a row in which
her voice did not appear in the background even the
presenter she is the presenter was
saying something asking a question or
whatever she could be heard in the background
putting the little bit of truth please belén
ro learn to behave on television
okay don't behave on twitter but
at least learn to behave on
television it has been going on for many years and you
should as advice it is as advice
because your testimony and what you want to
convey to people makes it little credible
leaving aside the fact that
you appear on television with a case on
your iphone with a case with the  photo of
Rocío Carrasco as a fan and the phrase it's [ __ ] awesome
leaving that aside the
fact that everyone has to
have an opinion and that's it they're not going to give their
opinion on what you come up with it it
's just that for everything for everything there was a
postscript in a note for everything even if it
was positive even if it was a
positive comment for Rocío Carrasco
from some collaborator she always
had something to add they put a
separate program on you and you on the downside Rocío
Carrasco and she's a goddess and you idolize her
whatever you want that no one is going to see
when you're 'sálvame' it's the turn of
words because it becomes very unpleasant
for the viewer the serious thing is that I
don't give a [ __ ] who wants to
defend one who wants to defend
another change what matters to me is
entertaining myself and I promise you paths
offend me I'm not offended by the things to say
that can become outrageous I can
feel whatever but in the end
I have fun with this because
yesterday was an embarrassing spectacle belén
rock said  literally at a time when
a collaborator and says that those
documents exist, the documents
that Rocío Carrasco has and others and with
Matamoros, remember that those documents
have gone through a court, okay, and that the
judges have said no way, and
Belén Ro jumps to say that justice has not
spoken yet, there is still no
sentence, justice has not wanted to
listen, justice has not paid attention to
Rocío Carrasco, I see a little very bleak every
time I hear this type of things
from people who are supposed to be
educated, I really do not know if they
do it with bad intentions, with good
intentions, I do not know if they do it on purpose
to deceive people, that they really
are so ignorant when some judges in
this case seven decide to
provisionally dismiss the case of Rocío
Carrasco,
that they have not read the documentation
Vélez in red do not put it in people's
heads or do not try to put it in
people's heads something that is not
true, they have investigated everything, they have seen
all the evidence that she has presented and based on
that they have decided that it does not even
deserve a trial if they had seen the
slightest  possibility or it would have
smelled bad on Antonella's part, I saw the
slightest, they would have judged him then they
would have condemned him or not but they would have
judged him but it's not even that, don't
deceive people, don't manipulate them
by saying that the judges don't mean it's
important like they haven't seen
papers, they've seen everything but all those
papers don't prove that Antonio David
has mistreated anyone and in fact Diaz is
going to have to swallow these
words because I imagine that
Antonio David at any moment or at
some point when the day comes will have to
speak because I don't think things will stay like this
and there are things that he is going to be able to
show or rather,
one thing must be taken into account and that is that I have done
from the little selling okay this is a
personal opinion of mine I understand that he
has all the documentation no matter how much
these ignorant people laugh at him
lifting the excavation he has the
documentation because it is part of the
process he has it okay then he can't
show the part that is
presented by her
the psychological report to
prove if she has shown them
in full or have they shown them in the
parts that interested him never  He will be
able to show that it would be legal, he
cannot, but what he could show and I
imagine that he will look at the
judges' rulings from each time
the case has been dismissed and
measures have been rejected against Rocío Carrasco, if those rulings
have to be devastating for Rocío
Carrasco because in those rulings, let's
see on some occasions, in
other cases, seen rulings, worth it, of
similar cases and in those rulings it does not say,
you do not believe that it is a paper with two sentences
that you put the envelopes we have
provisionally, in the absence of evidence
waiting for the trade, those rulings are usually
several pages arguing point
by point why it is about being the case and
why they dismiss
Rocío Carrasco's claims, those papers have to
be devastating for the network and for
Rocío Carrasco without stopping saying
this nonsense because you are all prisoners,
after the newspaper archives, do not try to
put things in people's heads that are
not true, that maybe Rocío Carrasco
considers that she has been an
abused woman, listen, well, she probably
considers it but based
on  the law to what judicially a
mistreatment in the judges dictates that
we go that they are not even sitting it
is so difficult to understand that they are
trying to put it in someone's head
that the judges have had in all their
noses some totally
irrefutable evidence of mistreatment and that the
judges not judges but judges,
seven male and female judges in particular have seen in front of their
noses irrefutable evidence that a
woman has been mistreated they had decided to
go through with it because they were lazy and did not feel like
condemning anyone what the [ __ ]
are you telling me what the [ __ ] am I
trying to put in people's heads
since justice can be wrong it can be
wrong for better or for worse it
can put innocent people in jail it
can let guilty people go free
it can be wrong of course
because they are humans they are not robots but what you
are trying to put in people's
heads is that they have had in front of their
noses irrefutable evidence because
according to you, the documentary is
irrefutable evidence that you have sweated and
condemned and that you have sweated judging before
the glass what the [ __ ] are you telling me
what the [ __ ] are you telling the  people
we are in spain we are not in a
third world country where the law of the
jungle since we are in spain those
judges have seen that I don't know if there are 300
in terms of folio and no and no and that they will have
seen things that do not add up on the
part of rocio carrasco in order not to
make that judgment and that they will have seen
things that say that antonella bino
really where do you think you live this
part that give me balls and is that velen
rock and talk so above the
people to impose their phrases to
impose that each one says what she
wants that she does not think the things that she is going to
say that she does not think the things of
letting it go and it is that kiko matamoros says
speaking with another collaborator it seems
equally bad to me that the mother did not pay the pension
or that the father did not pay it, it
seems equally bad to me it seems to me that they are the
same they are both in the same
situation they are not both equally
wrong in those thoughts is belén
rodríguez with the spirit always of
empowering  Rocio Carrasco, there's no need to
brown the dust and say it's not
the same, my God, it's not the same, Antonio
Davila owes it to her a lot longer and
owes a lot more money,
oh my God, there's a moment in the program
where Maria Patiño, Maria Patiño is
leaving at any moment, she's also looking for
trouble, also with this thing of having to
go with the flow that the
producer wants, if I win, I understand that she has to
lower herself, that she even has to
position herself in a way that she wouldn't
want because in the end you have to
keep eating and you have to keep
paying her mortgages on your things, but you
have to be very careful with the
words you say because Maria
Patiño stated there, Canton and David would have
executed vicarious violence and that Rocio
Carrasco was a victim of abuse,
gender violence, even and also that it
made me laugh a lot because she said it so
happily, okay, on a prime
time program on Friday night,
prime time, everyone will know, sincerely,
my guel free people and Belén Rodríguez
stating flatly that Olga insulted
Rocio  carrasco and his mother in front of
marta lopez and they call her an accomplice well
i'm in the middle of an argument because
evidently they are
trying to lynch marta lopez because she has become
friends with ola moreno because the harassment
affection to olga moreno that can only be
in her sectarian thinking in her
totalitarian thinking that is not
allowed
olga insulted cio carrasco
in front of you of the survivor
on twitter as a newspaper archive twitter as a
reliable source on my part i mean
if you have been next to someone who has
done it then that is central because
if i am next to a person and that
person insults someone it's not the end and that
makes me an accomplice and this is said by a
guy who works at sálvame and who wants to
be there every afternoon
to listen to what he has said see in red
miguel it doesn't matter he denies us everything i'm
reading the sentence verbatim well i would
like to see roque explain to
people no longer your twitter followers
because you only talk on twitter with your
followers at the slightest thing they refute you and they
leave you in shame  you block me I would
like you to explain to them what
exact sentence they were reading because after 10
or 15 minutes he
says he had to retract his words of course he wo
n't shut up if you see what I
said before well this is how it is every
program behind the background it has become very
clear that you are lying it has become a
tradition that you are lying well come on okay
something is very serious
I would like that now that we have seen the
video you tell the truth I have to remember that
the year that they gave me Olga that
I have here [ __ ] on Rocío
Carrasco it is true it is killing you she
had already been expelled how can you trust these people how can you trust those people and that I have not been able to put the entire extract because it would be very long okay but if you saw the program it was at least five minutes him and Belén Roy that is true the video is on Twitter
which is the truth I am reading them
uploading verbatim of he said this I
also affirmed it is that you cannot trust
them at all they are not reliable sources that is what she
did at every moment I made the video in
which they are talking about Olga Moreno that
that's good the caraquistas put them
on twitter everywhere, they're not
[ __ ] Rocio Carrasco's [ __ ] mother, they
're not loading Rocio Carrasco's [ __ ] mother,
one thing that several
regions of Spain usually do is that
when we get angry we say I [ __ ] on
my [ __ ] mother Erica with her dead that
this one forgets me I don't know what I [ __ ] on my
balls and you say that expression and in
reality you're not [ __ ] yourself you're not
literally insulting anyone it's a
cliché it's an expression it's not
directed at Rocio Carrasco for her in
general for everything that's happening they
manipulate everything they manipulate everything
completely and if not, let them sue
Olga Moreno, she's sued everything, let them
sue Moreno for deceit let's see what
the judge says about that phrase but at the
moment man, at the moment
the question is asked Miguel, pay attention to you, if she
's on the program giving her opinion like that, count on you for
more days on the program, trust her at
the moment because
Rocio Carrasco is wonderful to be able to  go to work more days
to save yes
[Music]
says yes as if he were very brave
as if he had a lot of balls
then he's going to change the answer
stones and he's not going to change the answer
ha ha ha ha ha he said that this morning he
had lied to change the answer
to try key obviously they are
some gems that it is a gem is that there are
people who believe there are people who take
this medium for seriously there are people who believe
what this kid says
to change to reunion and I wrote an album together and nothing more then he was also playing the victim for a while because he says he received a lot of harassment for a dark humor tweet of dark humor there is the progressive Miguel these people are all the same we have already explained it many times on
this channel and you can check it out okay those
who followed me for many years no longer
with the issue of Rocío Carrasco with the
entry topic came these types of
people have been living for
many years that coincide in a
pattern and in a way of acting and when they are
envied the lies they say
things that later they are envied that nanai
anyone who courses them and their option  It's that
how can you is lying that
surely Tyson is the truth and you see that
what there is is worth it and then play the victim
after having done erase do
stupid things and then listen to them in humor
but then you have balls
with your humor with it that someone
had balls to make humor with
Miguel Free people what about the mother with
any story that someone had
balls that then you were going to see the
progressive Miguel play the victim but as much as
possible and well gentlemen I will be fine
reading your opinion in the
comment box as always I hope you
liked this video and we will continue
reporting and thank you very much for the
400,000 a huge hug